Adding gke-beta cluster type for mutli-NIC gke cluster creation. (#264)
GoogleCloudPlatform/ai-infra-cluster-provisioning: samples/gke-beta/a3_multiNIC_network/README.md

> GKE-beta is purely experimental. Please use `gke` cluster type to create GKE

Reviewer: ```suggestion
GKE-beta is experimental. Please use `gke` cluster type to create GKE
```

clusters. Please refrain from using the `gke-beta` cluster unless it is necessary.

The `gke-beta` cluster type uses gcloud commands to create GKE clusters so many of
the terraform cluster management capabilities are reduced or absent in this option.

> This is only an experimental workaround for create GKE cluster to use A3 machines

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is only an experimental workaround for creation of GKE clusters with A3 machines
```

with multi-NIC network.

> This provides a sample for creating a AI cluster using

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This provides a sample for creating a ML cluster using
```

   [version](https://cloud.google.com/kubernetes-engine/versioning#specifying_cluster_version)
   and 1
   [nodepool](https://cloud.google.com/kubernetes-engine/docs/concepts/node-pools)
   with 1 instance of
   [a3-highgpu-8g](https://cloud.google.com/compute/docs/machine-resource) VM.
2. Single GPU of type [nvidia-h100-80g](https://cloud.google.com/compute/docs/gpus).
3. Multi-NIC VPCs in the project.
4. [COS-Containerd image](https://cloud.google.com/kubernetes-engine/docs/concepts/using-containerd).
5. Nvidia GPU driver installed using [daemonset](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/GoogleCloudPlatform/container-engine-accelerators/master/nvidia-driver-installer/cos/daemonset-preloaded-latest.yaml).
6. [Kubernetes Service
   Account](https://cloud.google.com/kubernetes-engine/docs/how-to/kubernetes-service-accounts)
   setup in the GKE cluster.

## Usage via Docker Image
Please find detailed set up instruction for docker image
[here](../../../README.md#usage-via-docker-image)

Please copy the [terraform.tfvars](./terraform.tfvars) file to your current working
directory of your local machine. Then follow the below instructions to create the cluster.

```docker

> docker pull us-docker.pkg.dev/gce-ai-infra/cluster-provision-dev/cluster-provision-image:latest

Reviewer: I think a separate `docker pull` is not necessary. `docker run` should auto-pull the needed image. So this literally becomes a single command, which is great!
